Hello everyone, in this lecture we'll be
going over the Errors and Exceptions Homework assignment.
Consists of a few problems, and I'm just gonna
go over them so you understand them all.
Problem one, you'll see I want you to handle the exception
thrown by the code here by using try and except blocks.
So you'll notice here I'm saying for I in this list,
try to square the strings, but that's not going to work
since they're not numbers,
so I get this type error.
What I want you to do is use try and except blocks
to try this and then except if you get an error
do something else.
Next up, for problem two, what I want you to do is handle
the exception thrown by the code below, by using again
try and except blocks.
Then I also want you to add a finally block to
print all done at the end.
Problem three, what I want you to do is write a function
that asks for an integer and prints the square of it.
I want you to use a while loop with a try, except, else
block to account for incorrect inputs.
So we went over this topic in lectures, if you're trying
to get input from a user,
so it should look something like this.
When you run ask, it'll output input an integer.
Notice I put null, so it says an error occured,
please try again,
then I say, input an integer, I inputted two,
it says thank you, your number squared is four.
So remember we covered in how to use, how to do this
using a while loop with a try, except and else statement,
so make sure you do that, and that's actually it
for the Errors and Exceptions Homework assignment.
Okay, thank you and I'll see you at the next lecture,
where we're going to go over the solutions
to this assignment.
Thank you.